Update hardware-requirements-embed.md (#1255)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/embeds/hardware-requirements-embed.md

<sup>*</sup>Additional considerations:

- Cores:

>     - When the CPU load reaches a certain level RS sends an alert to the operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - When the CPU load reaches a certain level Redis Enterprise Software sends an alert to the operator.
```
